[Maintenance] Change translation key and configuration root key (#321)
Sylius/PayPalPlugin: UPGRADE-2.0.md

1. The minimum supported version of PHP has been increased to 8.2.

> 1. The configuration root key has been changed from `sylius_pay_pal` to `sylius_paypal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configuration root node has been changed from `sylius_pay_pal` to `sylius_paypal`.
```

> 1. The translation key has been changed form `sylius.pay_pal` to `sylius_paypal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The translations' prefix has been changed from `sylius.pay_pal` to `sylius_paypal`.
```
